AI Usage Journal
Caden Ennis
cennis12@umd.edu
Section 0302

Week 1
This week, I didn't really use AI during my practice problems. I only used ChatGPT to
explain a few terms for me, but other than that, I didn't use it. It wasn't used to 
complete any problems or debugging. 
https://chatgpt.com/share/68c6f5e3-a7d8-8004-a45a-ec3a4c6795be

Week 2
This week, I didn't use any AI during my problems. However, for our discussion on canvas, I ended up trying a new AI named Perplexity, and was let down on it. However, it was never used on an assignment, so I didn't document it at all. 

Week 3 
This week, I did use a bit of AI on my assignment. I found out that Colab has Gemini built into it. I tested it out with some debugging on problems, and while helpful with identifying what part of your code is wrong, it is also easy to hit the wrong button. I hit the wrong button a few times, and it wiped all my code and replaced it with its own. I also couldn't figure out how to paste my conversation with it into here. 

Week 4: I used the built-in Gemini feature a few times to do small debugging in this week's assignment in Colab, but other than the debugging, I did not use AI at all. 

Week 5: I used the built-in Gemini feature a few times on some problems in this weeks assignment for debugging on code I couldn't fix myself/couldn't find the mistake, but I did not use it to generate answers for me. 

Week 6: I did not use any AI this week other than some small debugging (usually small typos or misspellings), and I did ask Gemini once to give me an example of what Problem 18 was asking, as I was stuck on the meaning of it. 

Week 7: Once again, I did not use any AI this weke other than the occasional Gemini debugging assistance in Google Colab, such as debugging and fixing small mistakes for me. 

Week 8: This week, I used a bit of AI to try and debug exercise 11, however, it "fixed" my issue by tampering with every other cell. When I told it to revert its changes, it wiped every one of my cells clear. I did my best to fix my cells to how they were before the changes, other than that, I did not use AI. 

Week 9: This week, once more, didn't really use AI for my work. I did use Gemini for debugging again on certain problems, mostly on problems after 15. The most help I had with Gemini debugging was on the last problem. 

Week 10: I didn't really use Ai again this week, I did have Gemini help me debug at points throughout my work but other than small debugging, I didn't use it

Week 12: No AI usage again this week. 
